Updating Source Docs (#7)
source-cooperative/source-docs: docs/using-source/create-a-data-product.md

---
title: Create a Data Product
id: create-a-data-product
slug: /create-a-data-product
sidebar_position: 2
---

> To create a data product, you need an account and [beta access](/create-an-account). After approval, sign out and sign back in—the option to create a new data product will then appear in the dropdown at the top right of the navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating a data product, you need to [create an account](/create-an-account) and apply for beta access. After approval, sign out and sign back in—the option to create a new data product will then appear in the dropdown at the top right of the navigation bar.
```

Data products can be owned by an organization or an individual. You will see a dropdown option when creating the data product of who will be displayed as the data product host (you or one of your organizations).

> ## When creating a data product

Reviewer: Similar to my comment on core-concepts.md, it woudld be beneficial to use consistent naming for data product fields in the docs vs. on the website

Author: Updated. Thanks for the catch!

- **Identifier**: 3–39 characters, alphanumeric and hyphens only (A–Z, 0–9, -). No consecutive hyphens, and it cannot start or end with a hyphen. The identifier appears in the URL.
- **Title**: Maximum 200 characters.
- **Description**: Optional; maximum 500 characters. Use it for a short overview; put detailed documentation in the README.
- **Tags**: Comma-separated, up to 20 tags. They help others discover your data.

> - **Visibility**: New data products are created **Unlisted** (not shown in search). When ready to publish, open the data product page, click **Edit** in the sidebar, and set the state to **Listed**.

Reviewer: The Edit button now longer is part of the UI.

```suggestion
- **Visibility**: New data products are created **Unlisted** (not shown in search). When ready to publish, open the data product page, click the gear icon, and set the state to **Listed**.
```

## Editing a data product

> To change the title, description, tags, or visibility later, open your data product page and click **Edit** in the sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the title, description, tags, or visibility later, open your data product page and click the gear icon.
```
